It’s amazing how discerning the example is, I actually like this kind of hot pot.
According to your instructions, Tangyao Huoshuang, you paid for her,
She is inviting you over for a drink.
She said she would come over.
Your friend paid the bill, placed the order, and passed the day.
I didn't pay the bill, it was my tolerance.
You, uh, don’t use it.
This will be given to you.
Single cup, can be given to you.
You can tell me now.
Okay, mom.
I heard that you were an example for both days. Yes.
My boyfriend’s name is Prince Chao, she is Reli Li Si Ha
As far as I know
Li Sihang is a big man and independent person.
Came to the bar in the middle of the night and drank heavily
If she knows I will be angry, it doesn't matter.
I just want to watch you grow up